when you talk you go into your head to
talk I want the next words to come from
your body that's a very tough one I'd
like it's it's hard to know the
difference between the two sometimes I
feel like I'm talking like let's say
from my gut or my intuition but uh it
like the lines are not binary where it's
like he or it's like it could be either
or I don't know yeah fantastic and you
just did
[Laughter]
it in this coaching session which
happened during one of our live q&as I
work with somebody who thinks they can't
feel their feelings and then they
discover this unrelated skill is the key
to finding flow in their emotional life
it's a great session in the fact that
once again it shows what we think is
impossible is actually possible feeling
uh well struggling with feeling any
emotion but getting in touch with my
body everything seemed to be kind of
from a heady space and I feel nothing
like when you talk about feel this
emotion three inches below your belly
getting touch the bottoms of your feet
nothing
it's yeah I struggle to get in touch
with the emotional side in connection
with my body so uh how do I better
better do that how do you know you're
not
connected lack of
feeling how do you know you're not
feeling
something no
sensation I don't know but that's what
it that's what I'm assuming okay so so
you're talking to me and your vocal
cords are making
sound so those are vibrating can you
feel them as you're talking like just
say random to
me uh hi Joe how are you how's it going
I'm doing well can you feel barely not
really barely
gotcha and then do me a favor just
[Music]
hum how far down do you feel
that keep huming
[Music]
like bottom of my Thro
is
okay yeah and how do you know you're
feeling
that vibration a little
bit and if you feel that same place
while you're not talking how do you know
you're feeling
that if I feel that same place when I'm
not talking correct
I
don't so go feel a place and then stop
making it just don't stop feeling that
place kind of like a mental connection
with that place a focus on that place
yeah and there's something there's
something responding to you right like
you're putting attention on it and
somehow you know it's on that for some
reason it's like there's a two-way
street and right now can you identify
where your right pinky
is
yeah so what makes it that you're not
feeling your right pinky right
now no attention directed at my right
pinky if you're if you're attending to
it isn't that feeling your right pinky
like what's what am I
missing yeah that if I try to say if I'm
focusing on feeling my right pinky I'll
feel my right pinky
yeah so if you focus on feeling your
belly
button what just happened
there your face went I
I have no idea to
be like so is it that you're not feeling
it or is that you are trying to repress
an emotion that comes up when you feel
it very possibly yeah so just put your
it's hard to discern the
two you tell me right so if you if you
feel the belly button again
okay you like put your finger right in
it then you know exactly where it's
at okay yeah so are you feeling your
belly
now sure yeah it's definitely more if I
put my finger on it right right yeah you
can take your finger out and just keep
on feeling that area you can even feel
like a couple inches below or
behind that's all we're talking
about that's
it so just notice something if you put
your attention there in in your
belly and just keep it there for a
minute what's moving what like you're
not going to be able I don't need an
answer but just notice any kind of
sensation that's moving there's any kind
of sensation that's like
hard there's colors if there's
do you do you do art are do are you an
artist or a musician or something
computer
programmer quite the opposite a tennis
coach a tennis coach that's perfect so
when you played
tennis do you remember like when you
first played tennis your ability to
understand tennis changed dramatically
Ally compared to where you play tennis
now like your where your body position
is and like and you notice that when
you're in your
head your tennis game goes to and
if you're like just in your body your
tennis game is much
better yeah generally it's like kind of
like what you talk about being in flow
is when you're at the peak of your
performance yeah that's right so this is
the same thing that's going on in the
body like if you can play tennis you
definitely can feel your body or you
wouldn't be able to play
tennis yeah the difference is like that
state that you get into when you're in
flow like you're a you're like you're in
your body right in that
state so just do that but just be doing
it while we're sitting here not playing
tennis
yeah that's it that's all it's
simple okay except for you're bringing
that same intelligence not into a sport
but into
life so so check it out cool cool you
got it I see it so now I this is GNA be
really weird but you when you
talk you go into your head to talk I
want the next words to come from your
body as if your your mouth is the
racket you just put your attention into
the say again that's a very tough one i'
like it's it's hard to know the
difference between the two sometimes I
feel like I'm talking like let's say
from my gut or my intuition but I don't
know where it could be he could be it
could be natural like it's sometimes
like you know
very uh like the lines are not binary
where it's like hey or it's like it
could be either or I don't know or or
blend I don't know yeah yeah yeah
fantastic and you just did
it
okay all right you were you were talking
you were talking and it was like and
then all of a sudden you're
like like it was just you were in that
flow state in your talk you can go back
and look at the video and you'll see
what I'm what I mean in
it okay that that put you like a little
bit more in your head so what if if you
back into the body like you're playing
tennis I just question it like I just
question it a lot if it's like if it's
authentic or if I'm like trying to speak
from my head like it just seems very
very hard to know the difference or like
I don't know I struggle with that a
little bit feels like yeah and what
happens when you're playing tennis and
you question
it am I doing more more often more more
often than not it gets worse you need to
kind of not be thinking about a lot
otherwise it's very fast game so yeah
you cannot be thinking about too many
things it has to be and how do you do
that how do you do that so your head you
start questioning you're playing tennis
and you start
questioning what do you do I for me
specifically I'll take like deep breaths
try and refocus meaning just like take a
deep breath gather and then just make
sure I'm picking up my intensity but I'm
my mental side is like I'm dropping but
I'll try and pick up my energy just like
pick up like my focus on like the ball
pick up my focus like kind of in my body
just make sure I'm like kind of like I
don't know align like hunting like I'm
just ready to react and go kind of thing
you're doing it
again
[Laughter]
great yeah it's that easy it's just
you're playing tennis in
life I can do that I
[Laughter]
guess if you had somebody say to you
when you're you're teaching them coach
you teach tennis is that right part of
it is you teach yeah and they and they
were like oh yeah I could do that I
guess what would you say to them great
great well at the iig guess part like
they said I could do it great yeah and
what would you say to the iig guess part
don't guess just do it if you feel you
do it go do it that's it like you can't
guess
okay all right it's literally just like
tennis
okay play tennis in life all right that
sounds fun to me
yeah
pleasure thank you